# Download Wanted Movie
  
***Wanted*** is a 2008 action thriller film directed by Timur Bekmambetov and written by Michael Brandt, Derek Haas and Chris Morgan, loosely based on the comic book miniseries by Mark Millar and J. G. Jones. The film stars James McAvoy, Morgan Freeman, Angelina Jolie, Terence Stamp, Thomas Kretschmann, Common and Chris Pratt.
 
**Download ····· [https://7buslajuncpe.blogspot.com/?file=2A0TdM](https://7buslajuncpe.blogspot.com/?file=2A0TdM)**


 
Universal Pictures acquired the adaptation rights from Millar in 2004, and while the eventual script drifted from the comic book superhero mythos in the original miniseries, he was content to see most of the comic's darker content retained. Production began in April 2007, with filming in the Czech Republic, Budapest, and the story's main setting, Chicago. Bekmambetov's production company, Bazelevs Production, provided the majority of the film's visual effects. Danny Elfman scored the film, employing a guitar-based musical score.
 
*Wanted* opened on June 27, 2008 to generally positive reviews with praise for its fast-pace narrative and stylized action sequences. The film grossed $342 million worldwide. A sequel was announced shortly after the film's release, but ultimately stalled in development.
 
In Chicago, Wesley Gibson works at a dead-end desk job with an overbearing boss, takes medication for panic attacks, and lives with his abrasive girlfriend Cathy who cheats on him with his co-worker and best friend, Barry.

One evening, Wesley is told by a woman named Fox that his recently murdered father was an assassin. The killer, Cross, is now hunting him. When Cross and Fox engage in a shootout, Wesley panics and flees. Cross pursues Wesley, who Fox manages to help escape. Wesley awakens in a factory surrounded by Fox and other assassins.
 
The group's leader, Mr. Sloan, forces Wesley at gunpoint to shoot the wings off several flies, which he does. Sloan explains that Wesley's panic attacks are actually a rare ability that allows him to produce massive amounts of adrenaline, granting him superhuman strength and speed. Wesley's father and Cross were members of the Fraternity, a society of assassins that maintains balance in the world, headquartered in a repurposed textile mill. Sloan wants to train Wesley so that he may help kill Cross.
 
A panicked Wesley leaves the building. The next morning, he discovers that his bank account now contains millions of dollars. Filled with new confidence, he insults his boss in front of the whole office and hits Barry with a keyboard. Wesley trains under the Fraternity's cruel tutelage, learning to control his abilities. When his training is complete, Sloan shows him the "Loom of Fate", which has served for 1,000 years in supplying coded names of targets through deliberate imperfections in the fabric. The Loom identifies those who will create evil and chaos in the future, with Sloan responsible for interpreting the code.
 
In order to finish what his father started, Wesley decides to kill Sloan. He attacks the base using explosive rats and kills the surviving Fraternity assassins in a shootout. Entering Sloan's office, he is surrounded by Fox and the remaining assassins. Wesley discloses Sloan's deception, and Sloan admits his name appeared in the loom alongside the names of those present, saying he had acted to protect them. He gives the members a choice: kill themselves, per the code, or kill Wesley and use their skills to control the world. As the others choose to kill Wesley, Fox curves a bullet around the room, choosing to follow the code and kill everyone, including herself, and Sloan escapes in the mayhem.
 
Wesley, penniless again due to his bank account being wiped out by Sloan, apparently returns to his desk job. Sloan arrives to kill him but is shocked when the person is revealed to be a decoy. Wesley subsequently kills Sloan with a sniper rifle from Cross' apartment miles away.
 
Universal was initially reluctant on giving a potentially lucrative action film to a filmmaker who had never made an English-language film, but Platt convinced the studio that he could "create an environment that would allow Timur to be himself as a filmmaker and exercise his creative muscles."[6]
 
Millar was unhappy with the first draft of the screenplay, considering the approach to be "too tame" and "a little bit Americanized" given he wanted "basically be the opposite of the *Spider-Man* movie, the idea of someone getting powers and realizing they can do what they want, then choosing the dark path." The author only started to support the direction the project was taking once Bekmambetov "came in with his Eastern European madness" and the intention of coming closer to the spirit of the book.[9] Bekmambetov said that he would take liberty in adapting the comic book's world: "It's difficult for me to just follow. It's interesting for me to create. I feel a little bit different how this world has to be executed."[8] In July 2006, screenwriter Chris Morgan was hired to revise the third act of Haas and Brandt's script.[10]Haas and Brandt returned to refine the character of Wesley Gibson, which they had established in their first draft.[11]
 
Millar saw previsualized footage of the film and said that it exceeded his expectations for the adaptation.[12] He described its first half as being close to the source comic, and added the ending was similar though it was relocated elsewhere from the comic's original setting. The superhero costumes in the series were also removed, with the exception of the leather attire worn by Wesley and Fox. Incidentally, this had been Millar's intent when writing the miniseries, but he and artist J. G. Jones had forgotten to. Millar said, "I wanted them to have those powers and then just wear those costumes for the initiation, but just for one panel. And then I forgot." Millar also stated that he would have liked to keep the supervillain mythos that dictates the original comic in the film.[9] Millar was favorable to most of the changes in the storyline,[13] which includes the story arc of the Fates issuing death orders in line with the series' original theme of predestination.[14]
 
James McAvoy, who had screen-tested for the role early in 2006, was initially rejected because the studio was seeking an actor with conventional Hollywood leading man looks and physique. McAvoy was later recalled, being considered to be the "runt of the litter" among those who tested. According to McAvoy, "They [ultimately] wanted someone geeky."[15]McAvoy was cast in the role in October 2006.[16]The Scottish actor, who portrays an American in the film, worked out to improve his physique for the film's action scenes,[17] and suffered several injuries during shooting which included a twisted ankle and an injured knee.[18]
 
Angelina Jolie was cast in March 2007, after screenwriter Dean Georgaris rewrote the screenplay to tailor the role of Fox for her.[19]Mark Millar became much more enthusiastic about the project after learning that Jolie had accepted the role of Fox, saying "the only way they could have got a bigger star to play this role is if they'd hired Tom Cruise in drag."[20] Jolie decided to make Fox seem "distant and unattainable" by having her silent in many scenes. She mentioned Clint Eastwood, who had recently directed her in the film *Changeling*, as a possible influence for this aspect of her performance.[21] Furthermore, she asked for Fox to get killed, suggesting that "[i]f she was to find out she had killed people unjustly and was a part of something that wasn't fair, then she should take her own life."[22]Although she had "13 known tattoos," she felt the need to add some temporary ink to that collection for her role in this film.[23]
 
Common became interested in the role of Gunsmith due to both the script and the prospect of working with McAvoy, Jolie, and Morgan Freeman.[24] Common learned a great deal about firearms as preparation for the role, but said he is not a strong supporter of guns in real life.[24][25] Konstantin Khabensky, who starred in Bekmambetov's *Night Watch*, was cast so that the director would have a familiar face around.[26] British television veteran Marc Warren agreed to work in the film because he always wanted to be in a Hollywood blockbuster.[27] Thomas Kretschmann originally intended to pick up the comic series after being cast, but Bekmambetov convinced him not to. Kretschmann said that he undertook "excessive gun training" to "make sure I look good and I look like I know what I'm doing".[28] Kristen Hager originally auditioned for Fox, but accepted the role of Cathy, considering it "fun to play".[29]
 
Location plate shooting took place in Chicago in April 2007.[30] Several chase scenes, including one with a low flying helicopter, were shot in Chicago over two days, on Wacker Drive along the Chicago River, between Columbus Drive and LaSalle Street.[31]The opening scene was filmed using the Carbide & Carbon Building.[32]Production moved to the Czech Republic later in May,[19] scheduled for 12 weeks of shooting, which included a scene in Pernštejn Castle.[33] Using a former sugar factory in Prague,[34] production designer John Myhre constructed a large textile factory as part of an industrial world, the setting of a mythological environment in which looms create fabrics that weavers interpret as assassination orders.[26] Afterward, filming moved to Budapest, then returned to Chicago in August.[30] While the actors performed many of their own stunts, with free running and parkour in some of the action scenes,[15] and Angelina Jolie being actually strapped to the hood of a moving Dodge Viper, some of the especially high-risk sequences required digital doubles instead.[35] Two full-sized train cars were built, a Chicago 'L' for a training scene where Fox and Wesley run atop a train, and a Czech Pendolino for the derailment, which was stationed in a gimbal equipped with hydraulics to allow the car to tilt and roll as the train crashed.[35] The film originally had both an alternate opening and an alternate ending.[36] The alternate opening, a flashback to ancient times describing the history of the Fraternity and the Loom of Fate, is available on the special edition DVD and Blu-ray.[37]
 a2f82b0cb4
 
